Hello, everyone!
Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Lookie ♥
My pyoko-pyoko is cute, right?
*pyoko pyoko*
Um...
Er...
I was thinking about what to do today
What was it?
Um...
Ah!! That’s right!!
For today,
I’ll show off my
special skill of “imitation” to you ♥
(clap clap clap)
My specialty is
“Crayon Shin-chan” imitations!!
Let’s go! ♥
“I’m Shinnosuke!”
After that… Ah!
Rola! ♥
[A famous model in Japan]
“I’m Rola!”
“OK!”
“Um…”
“I dunno! Tee hee”
Others are… Ah!
Kitties ♥
(meow meow meeeooow)
(meow?)
(meooow?)
(meow!)
(meow meow!)
Hee hee
That was a bit embarrassing,
but how was it~?
I resembled them, riiight?
Ahh!!
I...
have other special skills too!
Um...
That is...
weird faces ♥
I’m super serious!
Kinda like-
Not just in a cute way,
I’m serious!
It’s a little embarrassing but
since I want everyone to think “This is fun!”
I’ll do my best ♥
Here I go!!
Ready, set~
Hum!
Ehehe ♥
How… was that?
DAAH!? HEY!
YA BUMS!!
You looked at it properly right?
I told ya to “check it out” right?
I seriously gave you a single sweet voice
As expected!!
“Huh? What’s this?”
Because that’s what it seemed like-
I decided to do a retake of it!!
Huh!?
“Isn’t this your sweet voice?”
Shut the hell up!
Y’know
Even if you see this video
“What is up with this girl?”
“She is a freak and she suddenly snapped”
“How gross!”
Ya bums who don’t know,
search for “I want to see Kizuna AI angry”
DO IT RIGHT NOW!!
Definitely!!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Loserbait, LIZM, andychin77